and this is where we start sounding like
racist and I mean for me having done the
research I've done I'm just fine with
being called a racist huh but no Yin
this is the kind of video where I really
wonder if I'm gonna manage to make it in
less than 30 minutes deep depressing
interesting topic really worth talking
about really worth thinking about this
is controversy at the moment and there
the deeper broader issues that'll still
be meaningful to look back on ten years
from now the controversy of the moment
is people like vegan gains Richard who
is of Afro Canadian ancestry he's partly
black he is his mother is apparently
entirely white we've seen his mother on
camera richard has been supporting Tara
McCarthy's YouTube channel okay Tara and
Cory McCarthy I could say in some sense
he is supportive of them he is friendly
towards them he gave them a very
gracious interview in which he did not
challenge them on any of their racist
political positions okay and their
political positions are a racist
and you can see prior videos on this
channel just search for the word
McCarthy just go to the channel history
search for the word McCarthy and you'll
get a couple different videos where you
get to see them their face and their
voices on camera stating their racist
political views I'm not slandering them
to say that that is a completely
reasonable summary of what their
political position is and if you don't
want to take my word for it if you want
to watch the video my channel go to
their website something like reality
calls reality calls is the name they
used to use for a channel now she's used
to our McCarthy and they have they have
a you click on a link at the top that
says start here they spell out for you
who as clearly as possible what their
position is on the so-called white race
at the future of the white race and
so-called white genocide and their
opposition to intermarriage between the
races their political position they
support the idea of exiling all
non-white people from the United States
of America if you do not describe that
as race
you must be using a very very peculiar
definition of what racism is or what it
can be what can be included in the
category of racism yes oh oh I remember
it was like don't make people make
excuses on Cory's racism you'll notice
intuitively I mean everyone's driven
through a really crap Harry I'd be like
oh why this already crap area and it's
like oh it's it's made you by ethnics
wonder why it's the kind of area is the
area that me and a friend of mine
jokingly say like when you go when you
pass through these if you end up in one
hold on to your wallet don't make
excuses for people who make excuses yeah
a very strange thing to say and it's
like but it's so funny because the
comment I'm making here is just
completely rational it's like Cory is
not a supremacist which is my honest
belief I don't think he is a supremacist
he just acknowledges racial differences
yeah like we all feel and she would
simply know but there are certain groups
of people who have a higher crime rate
who are [ __ ] up doing anything who can't
turn up on time to places who are
extremely unreliable and make mistakes
all the time and expect to get bailed
out for it and but yet we're told that
to have this pattern recognition ability
is to create a stereotype and creating
stereotype is wrong and evil and you
shouldn't do that
he just acknowledges racial differences
he doesn't believe one race is generally
superior and these are all things that
the guy has told me personally he just
thinks there are suppressed truths about
race that are worth being aware of in
terms of how we organize society now I'm
not advocating like I said I'm not
advocating we go over to any of the
country and wipe these people out now we
have conquered in the past you know and
that is because we came in and we were
able to you know because we were
technologically superior being
intellectual I mean he just acknowledges
racial differences he doesn't believe
one race is generally superior being
intellectual I mean he's putting it out
here trying to make it look like I'm
defending racism which you know I'm not
a racist if you do not describe that as
racist you must be using a very very
peculiar definition of what racism is or
what it can be what can be included in
the category of racism and Corey does
Corey does try to define the racism so
narrowly that he can't be included as a
racist I noticed that his girlfriend
just much more openly says she doesn't
care what people call her a racist which
she is so thank you Tara that's gracious
I'm glad you don't mind I'm glad I have
your permission to call you a racist
tarah you're a Rachel so look two of my
recent videos stated contrasting facts
or contrasting opinions contrasting
perspectives on vegan gains on Richard
about four videos ago have long videos
45 minutes long primarily talking about
Gary Yourofsky but not exclusively it's
45 minutes so I covered much topics in
that video I give Richard praise very
specific praise I say that Richard vegan
gains is the kind of guy who can
carefully research a video about serious
medical condition heart disease cancer
or atherosclerosis and can present well
research compelling facts about that
disease in a way that's still
entertaining and that's great and I
think Richard does compare very
positively to someone like Gary
Yourofsky if I have to choose between
Richard and Gary Yourofsky as leaders
and veganism Richard is the better
candidate by far was the better voice
for the past present and future of this
movement bit eccentric no shade belt so
you know I did give him praise there
that was completely sincere and I still
stand by that praise so then a couple of
videos later have a much shorter video
where I'm mostly talking about this kid
ask yourself and Cory McCarthy and
terrible Karthi and the racism on that
camp and I say really in passing very
very briefly that I'm shocked at what an
idiot
Richard has been in this affair which is
also completely sincere and I completely
stand by it now there's no real
epistemological or ontological argument
to be dealt with you when Richard sits
down to make a video about a medical
condition about any medical claim you
know he researches the hell out of it he
claims he spends at least 20 hours per
video on that type of video whether it's
about weight lifting weight loss fit
or something like latest cancer research
he is putting in more than 20 hours of
horrid careful research and actually
checking and contrasting multiple
peer-reviewed sources do you think
Richard did that in considering or
evaluating or establishing the political
position of Tara McCarthy before he
appeared on her show no do you think
Richard did that did that level of
research before he decided to support or
sympathize with Cory McCarthy whom I
would consider a white supremacist and a
racist no do you think Richard put that
level of research into any of his
recently adopted political positions
that basically flirt with the alt-right
I can remember a time Richard described
himself as a socialist or something
leaned toward socialism and within the
last year we've seen him adopting more
and more positions that are conservative
shall we say and definitely flirting
with the alt-right the far-right very
most obviously in his interview his long
interviewing kids with Tara McCarthy
again I would say no I don't think that
Richard has invested time in researching
understanding any of his political
positions in the same way he does his
health science positions right I don't
think he regards political science as a
science that demands the same level of
rigor that he invests in the medical
sciences and to some extent I can say
fair enough
but I really represent political science
within veganism I really am the kind of
person who says hey can't we all answer
to a higher standard of rigor when
making claims whether it's claims about
what is effective activism or claims
about you know the contrast between
different political approaches to
lobbying government courting public
opinion pursuing the future of veganism
as a movement or if I'm sitting there
looking at somebody like
Tara McCarthy Cory McCarthy and so on
and I'm asking Richard how can you
possibly attach your name to this
bandwagon these people openly oppose in
in their terms they're they're terrified
about them and reading off the front
page of their website here they're
terrible the quote-unquote white
genocide they're terrified of so-called
mongrel races emerging from white people
interbreeding with black people you know
Richard that's exactly your family
Richard's mother we've seen on camera as
white his father
if so facto is black in many ways
Richard these people openly espouse a
political philosophy that demonizes you
and that openly says they want to have
political programs in place to exile you
from Canada the United States to kick
you out of the country
now I guess to give credit to Tariq
because again I did do some research
here tarah insists that she wants to use
only nonviolent methods when possible so
she doesn't want to actually kill people
to drive them out of Canada the United
States now they also insist by a
technical definition that they are not
white supremacists they're just white
exclusive ESTs now if you have a golf
club if you have a Country Club if
you'll play golf and play tennis and
it's whites only it's white exclusive is
there any arguments that that is not
white supremacists I mean maybe if you
go there and talk to the guy who works
at the front door and say well look this
this Country Club this go Club you only
admit white people to play golf and play
tennis here so what do you think white
people are better than people it's
possible he's gonna answer you
oh no no no no we're all equal well
perfectly equal in fact every ethnic
group has their own wonderful gifts and
you know unique cultural heritage
beautiful however however his job as a
doorman is to kick anyone out and not
let anyone in who's not unless I guess
they're working in the kitchen right
there's no meaningful debate to be had
in this context if you're talking about
within the United States of America
between
this bizarre program that Corey and
artha sorry Cory and Tara McCarthy
represent they represent they call it
themselves white nationalism that's what
they say they represent okay there's no
meaningful distinction drawn between
that and white supremacism proper
there's no meaningful definition of the
word racism that would exclude these
peoples non racist now does that mean
that vegan gains Richard should not talk
to them at all no you know I don't
really think that that cold silence is
necessarily the best way to treat these
people I myself have engaged with Cory
I've talked to him in the past I have
videos here where I present Corey's
perspective sound clips of him stating
his opinions in favor of slavery
genocide colonialism his shockingly
racist opinions in his own terms where I
don't misrepresent him at all and I have
videos responding to him and inviting
him to discuss this or reconsider it or
what have you so I myself have engaged
these people however I did so critically
I did so in a way that made it very
clear that I'm hostile to their
fundamental assumptions about politics
and the world and everyone understood
that despite the fact that I'm a white
male with a bald shaven head and it
really would be pretty easy for people
to mistakenly assume that I'm on the
other side of that equation and I'm not
Richard if he had given an interview
dattara
in which he was cross-examining her or
really challenging her or really saying
to her look this is over the line how
can you believe in these things how can
you support that would be very different
I did listen to their entire discussion
it was quite boring to me so I didn't
pay attention to every minute of it it's
keeping real but I don't remember any
such confident for even half a second in
that whole interview instead I think it
was clear to everyone that vegan gains
was cozying up to the alt-right and he
was giving a more than gracious very
flattering interview to Tara McCarthy
despite what we have to assume is a
pretty deep ethical rift between them
now you know is the explanation that
vegan gains is an idiot
I don't think so I think the explanation
is the contrasts have already mentioned
between the level of effort and energy
and focus that he puts into researching
and talking about medical science health
health science fitness etc and the lack
of focus the lack of rigor the lack of
seriousness with which he has been
indulging in we politics
he's been playing politics like a
dilettante whereas you know he plays
within the arena of medical science
weightlifting and fitness like a pro I
doubt he'd even dispute that you know
and look keeping other a lot of people
feel that way a lot of people feel that
politics is a hobby it's something that
you for fun it's only due to the relax
whereas their real work their real job
what they really care about take
seriously is is something else again
it's not necessarily insincere it's not
necessarily manipulative but very often
I do see people who simply fail to treat
politics with the seriousness that it
deserves and in this case the outcome is
frankly I think people like Richard
people like thinking Gaines people like
ask yourself they have made fools of
themselves
it's unbelievable to me that ask
yourself I I don't think he's especially
intelligent how did he put himself in
the position of arguing that Cory
McCarthy is not a racist look at the
front page of coy McCarthy's website
click on the start here tab lead the way
he describes his own political position
and this kid ask yourself I'm again one
of the light motifs have come back to
again again there's a difference between
being rational and being reasonable
maybe you can come up with some
arguments where you define the word
racist so narrowly that you feel you're
in the right to to make this claim maybe
you can define white supremacist so
precisely that this guy doesn't fall
into it okay and maybe you get on an ego
trip because you feel that is eminently
rational and logical but is it
reasonable it's a bit of a better a
better pill to swallow
when you realize that people are born
with a genetic cap on that IQ yeah you
know some people who are born they're
never going to have an IQ high of an 85
whatever you give them treat them like a
prince and they wouldn't think about
that is that is that so you know you
were I know you can't help being born
under in a specific country with a
specific you know a specific race or a
specific IQ or whatever you know but the
thing is like let's say you're born with
an 85 IQ just like somebody who's born
with a 2-inch dick that's like I'm sorry
you got the shin of a stick I mean what
you can't really do anything about it
but you know just make the best of what
you got I guess but you know to go
around saying that everyone is equal
when there are inherent differences um
even amongst you know whites there are
inherent differences you know again
anyone who just does this bare minimum
level of fact-checking looking at the
front page of 40 McCarthy's website
clicking through reading a little bit of
the text there or someone who watches
the videos I have in my own channel
where we're hearing it straight from his
own mouth we get to hear his own mood
his own anger you know even when he's
claiming that he's not a racist because
he doesn't feel hatred what he has to
say and the way he says it is genuinely
hateful that seething hatred comes
across in the camera and you know the
total lack of any sincere humanitarian
motive on their part and whenever they
make these concessions about how
supposedly they respect other
nationalities also you're not trying to
help the Navajo you're not trying to
help the Cree or the agility Mohawks if
you actually cared about genocide if you
actually cared about endangered and
disappearing nationalities and languages
and cultures everything about your web
presence would be dramatically different
instead what we see is this smokescreen
of a kind of phony egalitarian
nationalism as if they regard the Navajo
or the Israelis and how would Israeli
nationalism you know as if they regard
all of these claims nationalism is equal
a smokescreen behind which there is an
ideology that is they say it's you know
way meaningfully different from white
supremacism
in the same sense that a whites-only
golf club or a country club can't claim
to be anything other than white
supremacist just by the nature of its
exclusivity right so so the guys I kind
of imagined this to be more of an upbeat
video because the broader and deeper
question is whenever you work in a given
field of study and you look around and
feel like well is everyone here an idiot
or is it just me one of the most
important factors to remember is that
all of us have finite time finite
attention finite attention to detail for
that way we could only invest ourselves
so much in caring about the details of
any given topic I use examples of this
all the time I say look I don't know
about everything I did research on
Cambodia I did research on Haiti at one
time in my life I've never done research
on the history of Jamaica from the
little bits and pieces of red I'm sure
it's fascinating political history
Jamaica you know any of these case
studies you know but in general when
people step outside of their area of
expertise like Richard stepping outside
of Health Sciences and fitness to take
on these very thorny very difficult
issues in the alt-right politics I guess
I don't need any other term when they do
so both with a much much lower level of
rigor and to be blunt when they do so
with a sense of self-righteousness it's
a very very bad combination and even
quite brilliant people end up looking
like it is the new Yin